crowdstrike fdr host inventory doc generation (#1857)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory.md

To collect device data from the CrowdStrike platform, you must have an authorized CrowdStrike account. CrowdStrike APIs use an OAuth 2.0 authorization token to make authorized API calls. CrowdStrike API Client is required to get the OAuth 2.0 authorization token. To define a CrowdStrike API client, you must be designated as a `CrowdStrike Falcon Administrator` role.

## Data sources

CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory retrieves device information every 24 hours. The source will fetch device information that was seen in the last 30 days for the first time. Afterward, it will only fetch information about devices that have been modified.

## Setup and Configuration

In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike FDR account and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use device information from CrowdStrike FDR API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters.

### API Client and API Secret

The **API security token** is used to authenticate with CrowdStrike FDR API. After successfully creating the API client, you will get the **Client Id**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**.
To get the **CrowdStrike API Client**, follow the steps below:

> 1. Access the [CrowdStrike FDR Platform](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the [CrowdStrike FDR Platform](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/).
```

> 1. Enter your login credentials, including your email ID and password, to log in. You will be directed to the application dashboard once you've completed the two-factor authentication.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png')} alt="crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in using your email address and password. After you've completed the two-factor authentication, you'll be directed to the application dashboard. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png')} alt="crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png" width="600" />
```

1. From the CrowdStrike FDR Console, on the left-hand panel of the dashboard, locate the Menu option and click on it.<br/>
<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-open-menu.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-open-menu.png>" width="600" />

> 1. Select the **Support and resources** option from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Support and resources** option from the menu. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png>" width="600" />
```

> <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Navigate to **API clients and keys** and click on it. From there, you can view existing clients or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to and click on **API clients and keys**. You can then view existing clients or add new API clients from there.
```

> add new API clients.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-api-key-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-api-key-client.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click **Add new API client**. You will be prompted to give a descriptive name and select the appropriate API scopes.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png>" width="600" />

> 1. Provide a proper name and description and select the **Read Hosts Scope**. Click on `ADD` to complete the process.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: Could you please mention any validations for the proper name? Users might think about how this proper name should look like.

Author: There is no validation for the name. Users can give any name which suits them.

6. (Optional) **Fields**. Click the **+Add Field** link to define the fields you want to associate. Each field needs a name (key) and value.
   * ![green check circle.png](/img/reuse/green-check-circle.png) A green circle with a check mark is shown when the field exists in the Fields table schema.
   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo Logic that does not exist in the Fields schema it is ignored, known as dropped.
7. In **Region**, choose the region as per your Base URL. See [Region](#region) section to know your region.
8. In **Client ID**, enter the Client ID you generated and secured from the [API Client](#api-client-and-api-secret) section.
9. In **Client Secret**, enter the Client Secret you generated and secured from the [API Secret](#api-client-and-api-secret) section.
10. When you are finished configuring the Source, click **Save**.

> ### Error types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Error types
```

Author: Done

---
id: crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-source
title: CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory
sidebar_label: CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory
description: This document explains how to collect device information from the CrowdStrike FDR and send it to Sumo Logic.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory Source provides a secure endpoint to receive device data from the CrowdStrike [Host-And-Host-Group-Management-APIs](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/documentation/84/host-and-host-group-management-apis#managing-hosts). It securely stores the required authentication, scheduling, and state tracking information.

:::important
The CrowdStrike API documentation is not public and can only be accessed by partners or customers.
:::

## Prerequisites

To collect device data from the CrowdStrike platform, you must have an authorized CrowdStrike account. CrowdStrike APIs use an OAuth 2.0 authorization token to make authorized API calls. CrowdStrike API Client is required to get the OAuth 2.0 authorization token. To define a CrowdStrike API client, you must be designated as a `CrowdStrike Falcon Administrator` role.

> ## Data sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Data sources
```

Author: Done

> The CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory retrieves device information every 24 hours. The source will fetch device information that was seen in the last 30 days for the first time. Afterward, it will only fetch information of devices that have been modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory retrieves device information every 24 hours. The source will fetch device information that was seen in the last 30 days for the first time. Afterward, it will only fetch information about devices that have been modified.
```

Author: Done

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup and Configuration
```

Author: Done

> In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike FDR account and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use device information from CrowdStrike FDR API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike FDR account and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use device information from CrowdStrike FDR API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters.
```

Author: Done

In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike FDR account and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use device information from CrowdStrike FDR API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters.

### API Client and API Secret

The **API security token** is used to authenticate with CrowdStrike FDR API. After successfully creating the API client, you will get the **Client Id**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**.
To get the **CrowdStrike API Client**, follow the steps below:
1. Access the [CrowdStrike FDR Platform](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/)
1. Enter your login credentials, including your email ID and password, to log in. You will be directed to the application dashboard once you've completed the two-factor authentication.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png')} alt="crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png" width="600" />

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click **Add new API client**. You will be prompted to give a descriptive name and select the appropriate API scopes.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png>" width="600" />
1. Provide a proper name and description and select the **Read Hosts Scope**. Click on `ADD` to complete the process.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png>" width="600" />
1. After you click on `ADD` a dialogue box will appear with the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Base URL**. Copy and paste the Client Id, Client Secret and Base URL to a folder location because you will need them when creating the [CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory Source](#set-up-crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-source). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png>" width="600" />

### Region

> 1. Identify your **Region** based on your **Base URL**. The region can be from the following. 

Author: Done

:::important
The CrowdStrike API documentation is not public and can only be accessed by partners or customers.
:::

## Prerequisites

To collect device data from the CrowdStrike platform, you must have an authorized CrowdStrike account. CrowdStrike APIs use an OAuth 2.0 authorization token to make authorized API calls. CrowdStrike API Client is required to get the OAuth 2.0 authorization token. To define a CrowdStrike API client, you must be designated as a `CrowdStrike Falcon Administrator` role.

## Data sources

CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory retrieves device information every 24 hours. The source will fetch device information that was seen in the last 30 days for the first time. Afterward, it will only fetch information about devices that have been modified.

## Setup and Configuration

In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike FDR account and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use device information from CrowdStrike FDR API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters.

> ### API client and API secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API Client and API Secret
```

The **API security token** is used to authenticate with CrowdStrike FDR API. After successfully creating the API client, you will get the **Client Id**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**.
To get the **CrowdStrike API Client**, follow the steps below:
1. Access the [CrowdStrike FDR Platform](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::important
The CrowdStrike API documentation is not public and can only be accessed by partners or customers.
:::

## Prerequisites

To collect device data from the CrowdStrike platform, you must have an authorized CrowdStrike account. CrowdStrike APIs use an OAuth 2.0 authorization token to make authorized API calls. CrowdStrike API Client is required to get the OAuth 2.0 authorization token. To define a CrowdStrike API client, you must be designated as a `CrowdStrike Falcon Administrator` role.

## Data sources

CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory retrieves device information every 24 hours. The source will fetch device information that was seen in the last 30 days for the first time. Afterward, it will only fetch information about devices that have been modified.

## Metadata Field

Metadata fields will be set. See **Metadata Fields** table below:

| Fields     |    Value                    |

> | :-------    |  :------------------------: |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :-------    |  :------------------------ |
```

1. Provide a proper name and description and select the **Read Hosts Scope**. Click on `ADD` to complete the process.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-add-client.png>" width="600" />
1. After you click on `ADD` a dialogue box will appear with the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Base URL**. Copy and paste the Client Id, Client Secret and Base URL to a folder location because you will need them when creating the [CrowdStrike FDR Host Inventory Source](#set-up-crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-source).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png')} alt="<crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png>" width="600" />

### Region

1. Identify your **Region** based on your **Base URL**. The region can be selected from the list below. 

   | Region | Base URL                    |

>    | ------ | --------------------------- |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   | :------ | :-------------------------- |
```
